I What is ze's all customers Hello Alice'm very much Marisa its Mamagubi
It is a culmination of a few hours, so I replaced the three necks of the Wither skeleton and the Netherstar.
Come
You Yes and for the time being covered with a whole bunch fixed strategy strengthening stone
Let's start it
I will
Good school
By Hui of Korase
Wait to orbit
re
Now it's a retreat operation change
After all this is-
I want to go in
It will be scraped off while seeing the fill
One body
2 body 3 body died without permission
So let's make a great magician's wand with this Netherstar right away
The recipe is an expert 's wand and a nether star
Hoi completion
That's why the general affairs craft is temporarily closed.
There are many other researches, but it is also true, but it is also possible to go forward at once
First of all, Ender Pearl is a blue lotus and Nether star
Completion of the miniature black hole It is completion of the portal gun using this
Make your way Do not increase a lot of things that can do this on serving ophthalmology this portal gun King
Well it was sad I couldn't meet because of the previous mystery lost
This went brought sheep
ni
Each bit
that
Hmm
Oh
Get one more
ni
To Oh frustrating
Capture and what to do
It is the completion of the farm
Design is almost same as part 7
The strange thing is that I slowed the rs input of the recovery device by repeater.
Fair
With this kind of feeling, I manually supply the sandwiches.
I made six rows of wool of all colors in one row
It strengths is to be able to stand because it is automatic but not so efficiency is good
I will do my best from now on because I will use it a lot in the future
Then finally I will build my home's auxiliary power generator
Three glass plates
Silicon Plate Silicon is refined in the course of direct electrolysis .
It is a solar panel with an electronic circuit generator carbon plate
In previous work becoming stricter mass production because of the silicon is 9 percent this much I had been financed in Do not work now
That's why I had to go back later
I will exceed this further
Glow stone out and surround the produced egg
Daddy
Maba tour intermediate material
Mabayura N'
When glow stone comes out
Covered with tempered glass
I surrounded the dazzling glass panel iridium ingot with refined iron
The iridium plate is still in the middle
Iridium plate carbon plate
It does an alloy plate
me
With respect to the strengthening iridium bullets flow Stone in the matter
There are quite a few parts to produce
Parts etc. with considerable production
Daya
Red stone
It is okay with a reinforced iridium plate
It is the completion of the dazzling reinforcement version
Development circuit Well alloy plate
solar panel
Dazzling glass panel
The
Maggie reinforcement plate
Hmm
Everyone loves advanced solar panels
The recipe has become quite complicated even if it finally came
Yes, even higher level people need more mass noruns
It is the only resource in exhaustion that I wish I could take
Oh did not explain the advanced solar panel
Well then
This is solar panels that will generate electricity even at night
The output is 3022 at noon and 8 ut at night
I usually put it in the power supply of the Matter making machine in case of emergency.
With this Iza I will be able to manage something Even if this is not a tank mark iii
Because there is a lot of plasma, it will be somehow
It feels like it was made from scum
That's why it has become short, but this time is up to here next time
What is or undecided to Thank you for your viewing directly below
pandan